Dear Registrants,

 

Thank you for choosing to continue your journey with Samson College this first semester
Sy 2025-2026. We’re thrilled to have you in our community.

 

In the next four days, you will receive another letter with details on subjects and fees.

To expedite the process, we encourage you to come in for an evaluation.

We look forward to seeing you soon! 

 

As part of your registration, you have provided us the following information.

School Year	2025-2026
Semester	1st Semester
Course	BS Information Technology
Year level	1st year
Is this your first semester with Samson College?	Yes
Are you transferring from another school?	No
Are you a college graduate of a college/university?	No
Name of the school/college/university attended	AAAAAAAA
Course taken	AAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
First Name	SDFSDFSDFDSFDSF
Middle Name	SDFSDFSDF
Last Name	SDFDS
Extension Name e.g., Jr., III (if applicable)	SDFDSF
Date of birth	May 30, 2018
Place of birth	Asdasd
Gender	Male
Civil status	Single
Address	Di Mahanap St., Brgy. Dimakita, Quezon City, NCR, 1008
Email	fagaye9868@betzenn.com
Cellphone number	0919-123-4567
Father's first name	ASD
Father's middle name	ASD
Father's last name	ASD
Father's landline or cellphone number	09191234567
Mother's first name	09191234567
Mother's middle name	AAAAA
Mother's last name	AAAA
Mother's landline or cellphone number	09191234567
Certification	I hereby certify that the above information given are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. The information herein shall be treated as confidential in compliance with the Data Privacy Act of 2012.
Samson College of Science and Technology Data Privacy Agreement (Parent or guardian needs to respond for students below 18 years of age)	I agree to the data security and processing system of SCST. I consent the issuance of my/child’s information provided that the information to obtained will be used solely for school – related programs and activities.
Registration Reference No	2025-2026-1-53851

EMAIL DISCLAIMER

This e-mail message and any attachments may contain legally privileged, confidential, or proprietary information. if you are not the intended recipient(s), you are hereby notified that disclosure, retention, dissemination, copying, alteration, and distribution thereof of the information therein, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender and delete this e-mail message from your computer. Please note that any views and opinions presented in this e-mail are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the Company. The recipient should check this e-mail and any attachments for the presence of viruses. Samson College of Science and Technology accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this e-mail. Samson College is neither liable for the proper and complete transmission of the information contained in this communication nor for any delay in its receipt.





STI

Hello, Mike,

 


We have received your online application.

 


You may download or print a copy of your application form by clicking this link. Please follow the instructions below to proceed with your enrollment.

 

To confirm your admission and reserve your seat for First Semester of School Year 2025-2026, settle the minimum reservation fee of One Thousand Pesos (PhP1,000.00) at the school thru online or over-the-counter.